♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side ♪
♪ Well, I paid a visit ♪
♪ While it's possible
I missed it ♪
♪ It seemed different
yet exactly the same ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Till further notice ♪
♪ I'm in between ♪
♪ From where I'm standing ♪
♪ My grass is green ♪
♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side. ♪
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON]
( bell chiming... )
I'm thinking
a quick snack
maybe something in the way
of a Sloppy Jane...
Light on the slop,
extra Jane.
...then pedicures
and homework.
How's that sound?
Pedicures!
Dibs on Ginger!
Black and blue polish?
Same as always?
Oh, there's my mom!
Mom! Mom!
Oh, oh...
I call frontsies!
Hmm...
Anything interesting?
What's a "frontsie,"
Miranda?
I'm not sure, but I can get
on the Internet and find out.
No, that won't be necessary.
I intend to see for myself.
I really think this color is
going to work for you, Ginger.
It's called "Popular in Peach."
Courtney Gripling
wore it on her nails
the entire final
marking period
last semester.
Everything, just everything,
looks good on Courtney Gripling.
Well? What do you think?
( chuckles )
Works for me!
Ow!
Careful with the cuticles,
Miranda!
I'm tender-footed!
Uh... remind me why we
didn't go to the salon
like we usually do?
Friends paint their
friends' toenails, Miranda.
It's as simple as frontsies.
We need to finalize
the guest list
so I can circulate
the invitations for
your surprise party.
Hmm... Missy, Mitzy,
Mindy and Mipsy, of course.
And I'd like
Ginger Foutley to be there.
( whirring )
Out, Blake,
you snot-nosed weasel!
Miranda:
Uh, I'm sorry, I don't think
I heard you correctly...
Did you say
Ginger Foutley?
I said out,
you scum-coated pond creature!
( whirring )
Ginger Foutley,
that's right.
But she's a total wannabe!
Still, there's
something about her.
There's nothing
about her, Courtney!
Her presence will force
the party's chemistry
into a downward spiral!
Let's move on.
Okay. It's really important
that my face express total
and complete surprise
while still looking
really, really hot.
Now, I'm thinking
something like this...
( clears throat )
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, What a total
and complete surprise!
If you ask me,
it felt a little... phony.
Miranda on tape:
Did you say Ginger Foutley?
Courtney:
I said out
you scum-coated
pond creature!
Ginger Foutley,
that's right.
But she's
a total wannabe!
Blake Gripling to Carl.
Come in, Carl...
( clacking )
Trade dentures with you?
No way. These still have
prune in 'em!
Gross!
Blake Gripling
to Carl!
Come in, Carl!
Who is this? How did
you get our frequency?
What do you want,
Blake?
Hello there, Carl.
Glad to hear
your voice.
Word on the
cul-de-sac is
your sister is going
to be invited
to my sister's
surprise birthday party.
So?
It's valuable
information, Carl.
I shall want your
petrified eyeball
as payment
for the tip.
Uh, news flash, Blakie-boy:
the time for blackmail
is  before you've dispensed
the valuable information,
not afterwards!
( snorting laugh )
But, uh, you know,
thanks for the tip!
Blake:
Blast!
( karate yell )
Ooh!
Quit doing that,
Carl!
You're going to give
Macie a heart attack!
Breathe, breathe, Macie!
Through the good nostril!
I know you can't
resist the smell
of freshly clipped
toenails, Carl,
but we're busy.
So if you don't mind...
Uh, don't flatter
yourself, Ginger.
I'm here
on official business.
There's news concerning
you and Courtney Gripling.
( both gasp )
Me and
Courtney Gripling?
What have you got?
It will cost you.
What's your price?
( whispering )
( arguing in whispers )
Your curling iron.
What for?
Both:
Classified.
This better be good.
Hoodsey?
Today, at 3:23 p.m.
Carl Foutley the Fantastico
received terrific news.
And?
This news is
about Courtney Gripling.
And her surprise
birthday party.
Well? So?
What's the news?
Oh! Right!
Okay, sorry.
Ginger's invited.
What?!
Oh, this is not happening!
Do you understand
that being invited
to a Gripling extravaganza
is only the single
coolest thing in the world!
I'm talking...
I'm talking D.J.,
primo loot bags
and brand-name cola
flowing freely!
Everyone who is anyone
will be there!
You guys aren't going.
Oh... it's still
the best news ever.
You got a hall pass?
Right here.
Ooh!
( gasps )
Courtney! Sorry!
Hello, Ginger.
I'm glad we ran into each other.
You are?
Of course I am!
We're really good friends.
We are?
That pass is
for making
number one or two,
not idle chit-chat!
Now get back to...
Courtney:
Ahem!
Courtney!
I'm so sorry!
I didn't realize
it was you.
Do you need an escort
back to class?
That would be great,
Linda, thanks.
Bye, Ginger.
Oh, cute shoes.
You might want to
wear them
to my surprise
you-know-what!
See you there.
Ginger.
Uh, hi, Miranda.
I see you're washing
your hands.
That's good.
Very good.
( laughing )
( sighs )
So... an invitation
to Courtney Gripling's
birthday party?
( snickers )
You must be very pleased
with yourself.
Yeah. It's, uh, pretty cool.
It's very cool.
Very cool indeed.
Things are really
moving along for you, Ginger.
And don't worry, there's
nothing to be nervous about.
Except for maybe...
what to get Courtney as a gift.
I mean...
the girl has everything
and still expects the best.
But you'll think
of something.
You better.
Because in this town
you're only as good
as your last gift.
Remember that.
Whoa!
Whoopsie.
What are you doing here?
We have a hall pass...
( snickers )
Please...
Great! I didn't even
think of that!
I finally get invited
to one of Courtney's parties
and now I'm going to
have to show up
with some crummy
old present.
Same as always.
I like your crummy
old presents, Ginger!
Who could forget that nifty
pocket tic-tac-toe pad
you made last Christmas?
No, Macie, Ginger's right.
This is big time.
Some lame-o gift
like hand-painted barrettes
isn't going to help her now.
Even though I really like
those ones you made me.
I'm dead meat.
Now, the perfect viewing spot
for Courtney's party
is Blake's tree house, right?
Hoodsey:
Right...
And if we get exclusive photos
the blackmail possibilities
are endless, right?
Right...
So all we have to do
is lure Blake away
so we can snap photos
and reap the riches! Right?
Carl! I can't go
when you keep
talking to me, okay?
Okay, relax, Hoodsey.
( toilet flushing )
Did you bring
the curling iron?
Some of my ringlets
are coming loose.
Foutley! How much
for a curly hairdo?
Not selling today, Walker.
Hey, let's go be nice
to Blake Gripling.
It's almost 3:00 and
I'll bet you anything
he's in
the small playground.
( bell rings )
Hmm... It, it's, it's
a very unusual situation
and it needs to be
handled delicately.
You played
like my grandma
today, Patterson!
You're dead meat
tomorrow!
Count on it!
Okay, sounds good!
See you tomorrow, Vince!
I'll call...
Well, you could
give Courtney an I.O.U.
until you think
of something good.
Maybe I should
just stay home
and save myself
the humiliation.
Miranda:
Or you could let me save you.
I've been thinking
about your dilemma, Ginger
and I feel your pain.
I may have the solution.
I know something Courtney
really wants
it's totally original
and it doesn't cost a dime.
Macie:
Of course!
An interest-yielding IRA account
linked with free checking!
It's what every girl wants...
on the inside.
( exasperated sigh )
The "Enter" sign,
Ginger.
For outside
Courtney's bedroom.
She'll flip!
Uh, I don't know,
Miranda...
It's practically
falling off anyway.
I mean, all you have to do
is just... pluck it.
Isn't that...
uh, stealing?
I prefer to think of it
as "borrowing without asking
and no intention to return."
Ginger could get
in big trouble, Miranda.
Excuse me.
I thought Ginger
already was in big trouble.
If you're too chicken
to go through with it
let me know, Ginger.
There's plenty
of other kids
who would
turn cartwheels
for the tip.
You have until
the stroke of
4:15 to decide.
That's when I get home
from clarinet.
( laughing )
Look at him.
School's been out
for an hour
and he isn't even dirty.
( humming )
Hello, Blake.
( gasps )
Carl!
Woodsy.
It's  Hoodsey, Blake--
with an "H".
Lately, we've been
thinking about things...
and we came to the conclusion
that maybe it's time
the three of us played.
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Would I!
I mean...
an intriguing idea.
Then be at my doghouse
tomorrow evening.
I'm afraid
I shall have to decline.
You see, that conflicts
with my sister's birthday party
and I'm bent set on stirring up
a bit of mischief, as it were.
Sorry to hear that, Blake.
Hoodsey and I don't
bode well with rejection
and an offer like this comes
along but once in a blue moon...
Uh, I wonder...
perhaps we can reschedule?
No, sorry.
We're booked solid.
Let's go, Hoods.
Bye, Blake.
Bye...
Great! What are we
going to do now?
We're going to sit
and wait, Woodsy.
We're going to
sit and wait.
Steal the sign,
risk going to prison.
Show up with a lame gift
ruin chances of being
invited to another party
and life  becomes a prison.
What's worse?
Well, in real prison...
you get to sleep on bunk beds.
I guess bunk beds
are kind of cool.
So you're saying
I should steal the sign?
No, no, hey,
I'm just saying
that bunk beds
are kind of cool.
Yeah...
yeah, you're right.
Yeah, especially the top bunks.
Uh... not about
the bunk beds, Darren.
I have to steal the sign.
I mean, I want to give
Courtney a good present...
I want to show Miranda
I'm not chicken...
and I hate to say it
but I kind of want those
kids to think I'm cool.
Do you think that's
totally uncool?
Crackle, darn you!
Crackle!
It's no use, Carl!
He's never going to..
( static crackling )
Blake Gripling to Carl!
Come in, Carl!
Both:
Yes!
I despise the clarinet!
Almost as much as...
( phone rings )
( snickers )
You rang?
Why, Ginger!
I was just thinking about you.
Uh, about that little
suggestion you made...
Yeah?
I'm going to do it.
( snickers )
Excellent decision, Ginger.
I'm sure you won't regret it.
( laughing... )
Courtney:
What a total and
complete surprise!
( laughing )
Oh, for me?
What a lovely surprise!
Is the receipt in the box?
Yep. Tonight's the big night!
Carl, Woodsy and an up-close
look at that precious eyeball.
Not bad, for the tender age
of seven and three-quarters.
Bye, Mom!
See you late tonight!
Meatloaf's in the 'fridge!
Thaw it before eating, okay?
And remind your brother
he's still grounded
from last weekend.
I will! Bye!
There isn't much time.
Let's raid Carl's room.
We're going to need disguises.
Are you sure you want to
go through with this?
There's no backing out
now, Macie.
I already said.
We're going to have to
pick the lock.
Sure, yeah, why not?
Breaking and entering
stealing from
a federal institution...
Look, I break into my
brother's room all the time.
Why don't you guys stand back
and observe the master at work?
( alarm blaring )
Carl as alarm voice:
Intruder! Intruder!
You are being pelted
with pre-chewed
Super Double Berry Bubble!
This will not come out!
Intruder! Int...
Darren:
Jackpot!
Look!
Way to go, Darren!
Let's do this thing!
Macie!
Sorry. Must be the
adrenaline talking.
Give it to me straight,
Winston.
Do I look cool enough
to play with?
You're all that and a bag
of fish and chips, sir.
Aah!
Double-crossers!
( dialing cell phone )
Hello, Winston?
There's been
a bit of tomfoolery.
I need you back here at once.
Mmm! He's got
Malted Milk Monkeys!
Okay. Let's get
down to business.
Where's the
lighting equipment?
( mouth stuffed ):
Mmph mm knpsck!
( music playing... )
( whispers to herself ):
Just a minute, Courtney.
I've got one quick phone call
to make...
( dialing cell phone )
Officer Killgallen, please!
Hello, Daddy?
I'd like to report
a robbery in progress...
What's she
waiting for?
I don't know.
I, I guess
she's nervous.
I'm not nervous!
I'm soaking up
this powerful moment
whereby I take matters
into my own hands and...
you know,
risk going to prison.
( takes a deep breath )
Okay... I'm going to do it.
I can't look.
Shh, shh...!
Here it goes.
All right.
Okay, count of three.
Sink or swim, Ginger!
Now or never!
One...
two...
All:
Three!
( siren wails, tires squeal )
The jig is up! Run!
Hands in the air,
Foutley!
We've got you
surrounded!
Hey, you kids,
get back here!
Hey! That cop
is Miranda's dad!
( whimpering )
Freedom!
( grunts )
Thanks, Winston.
Let's get you
home, sir.
Not so fast!
I may have been deprived of
the play date I came here for
but I say I shall not
leave empty-handed.
Sir?
Payback has a name.
It starts with "petrified"
and it ends with "eyeball."
( siren wailing )
Will this go
on my permanent record?
Officer Killgallen?
Um, exactly how much hard time
do you think I'll serve?
Well, you're looking
at a minimum sentence
of probation,
community service
and a whopping grounding
from your mama...
if it's up to me.
So... no prison?
Not just yet.
( music and
general conversation... )
All:
Surprise!
( gasps )
( siren wailing )
Carl! Ginger's
in that cop car!
Oh, man!
This is way better
than we expected!
( cameras clicking )
That girl!
She's in my science class!
( others murmuring... )
Sorry I couldn't make it
to your party,
Courtney!
I got arrested
for robbing a bank!
And look! I didn't
even get frontsies...
Ahem!
Ginger Foutley got arrested
for robbing a bank?
What a total
and complete surprise!
( applause and exclamations )
Will somebody
please explain to me
how even when Ginger Foutley
loses... she wins?!
( door opening )
( panting )
Both:
Ginger's been arrested!
I don't care what
cockamamie excuse...
What did you say?
It's true, Mom!
She was arrested
for robbing a bank!
( phone ringing )
Hello?
I see.
I'm on my way.
Told you so!
Uh, Mom, if Ginger
goes to prison...
can Hoodsey move
into her room?
Get your coat!
( gasps )
Oh!
Filthy, filthy, filthy.
I'll have
the cleaning crew
up in the morning, sir.
A real victory
for the little guy, sir.
Where would
you like it?
Top shelf, please.
Something tells me we shall
meet again, Mr. Foutley.
Carl's picture proved
it was Miranda
who tipped off the police.
I still can't believe
I fell for her plan.
I mean, what was I thinking...
risking everything
just for some stupid present?
And as for the next few months?
Well, I guess
my social calendar
will have to take a back seat
to community service.
What a bummer.
No one ever said
a life of crime was glamorous.
Dodie:
Hi, Ginger, it's me.
I'm grounded for a month
and Macie
is hyperventilating
but I just
wanted you to know
that absolutely  everyone
is talking about you!
The entire middle school?
In a tizzy!
If you get this message, you
must, must, must call me back!
Too bad I'm not allowed
to use the phone.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON
Captioned by The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
It's  Hoodsey, Blake--
with an "H".